Tools for creating scientific images/ graphs

1. Mind the Graph: https://mindthegraph.com/

Mind the Graph is an online platform to create visually appealing figures for scientific research. It offers the perfect interface for researchers, and authors to design a graphical abstract for their papers while still meant for simplicity, being an easy-to-use tool where just about anybody can work to create great infographics, graphical abstracts, presentations, and posters - from beginners to professionals, individuals to groups and small labs to large organizations.

2. Edraw: https://www.edrawsoft.com/

EdrawMax Online offers more than 280 diagram types to meet any visual needs, from flowcharts to circuit diagrams. Diagrams package your data and context into information-rich visual weapons for the agile process. Achieve your goals for each stage by going visual with EdrawMax Online.

3. Biorender: https://www.biorender.com/

Browse over 50,000 icons and templates from over 30 fields of life science, curated and vetted by industry professionals. Simple drag-and-drop functionality enables you to create scientific figures up to 50 times faster. Find icons you need for even the most specialized fields of life science, or we’ll create it in as little as 48 hours

4. Visme: https://www.visme.co/

Visme is everything you need to create beautiful content. It's one tool to design, store, and share your content. One tool that gives you all the templates, graphics, assets you need, for scientific content or otherwise. And the place to get free educational content built to give non-designers the resources to become amazing visual communicators.

5. Inkscape: https://inkscape.org/

Inkscape is a powerful, open-source desktop application for creating two-dimensional scalable vector graphics. Although it's primarily an illustration tool, Inkscape is used for a wide range of applications. Inkscape's native file format, Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG), is a W3C open standard. Vector graphics are made up of points and the lines between them. In Inkscape, these are called nodes and paths. Most vector graphics tools give users the ability to create paths called "primitives" or shapes.
